Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[glass shattering]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[claws swooshing]
[ominous music continues]
- [Mary] All red.
[Mary screaming]
[ominous music continues]
[glass shattering]
[glass crunching]
[Monica grunting]
- Dammit.
- Monica?
Jesus Christ. you're
bleeding all over the place.
- Yeah. can
you grab me a towel. please?
- Yeah. stay right
here. Don't move. okay?
What the hell happened. anyway?
- I don't know.
- Butterfingers
strikes again. huh?
- Thank you.
I don't know. must've
stood up too quickly.
got lightheaded.
and dropped my wine.
- Not to rub it in. but that
was my Lustau Amontillado.
- Sorry. don't
kill me. Fortunato.
- I think Fortunato was
the one being killed.
but I do appreciate
your joke all the same.
- I am sorry.
- Stop. stop. Don't touch it.
I don't need
you cutting yourself
any more than
you already have. okay?
So let's see. go sit down.
and I'll take care of this.
You know. I really hope
you don't need stitches.
- Yeah. me neither.
- A little piece of advice.
Next time you almost black out.
don't step forward onto the
glass that you just dropped.
- That's good advice.
This wasn't like a normal
blackout.
though. It was strange.
- Because there is such a
thing as a normal blackout?
Strange how?
- It was like...
It was like. you know.
like when a bright light
shines in your face. but
your eyes are closed.
and it's just that bright red.
- Probably because
your eyes were closed
while you stepped forward
into a pile of broken glass.
- Did you pack your stuff?
- No. not all of it.
- Honey!
- What?
I mean. what do
you want from me?
- I want you to be
ready to leave tomorrow.
- [Andre] I am.
- I don't want you to be
complaining the whole time
about how
you didn't bring enough socks.
- Okay. first off. I won't.
- I just want to
get this over with.
I just want to get in. sign
off on the inspections.
and then get back home.
- We will. All right.
I promise. Trust me. I
know you're dreading this.
I've been living
with you. all right.
but we're going
to get out there.
We're going to throw
away all that old shit.
We're going to fix the
shingles. all right.
then we're going to flip that
house for a cool 300 grand.
Easy in. easy out.
Week. tops. all right?
Then you don't have to think
of any of those bad memories
ever again if you don't want to.
- Promise?
- Hell yeah I do.
I mean. purge that shit and
then shove it way back deep.
Worked for me.
- If you are being sarcastic.
I am not much
for sarcasm right now.
- Listen. duty calls. all right?
I'll be home in a few hours.
- Okay.
- All right. I love you.
- Love you.
[Monica sighs]
[ominous music continues]
- If I had one wish. it
would be that none of you
ever have to go through
what I went through.
It breaks my heart at the
thought of your parents.
your daughter. your loved
ones. getting a call
that you were killed in
a drunk driving accident.
It's probably the worst
news anyone can ever get.
and it tears
families apart. all right?
It tore my family apart.
After we got
the news of Lenora's death.
my ex-wife
spiraled into a depression
that she was never able
to come out of. all right?
Our marriage of
13 years was destroyed
because of the stupid
decision by one individual
who chose to get in his car
after he'd been drinking.
So that's what
I want you to remember.
The next time
you've had even one drink.
and you choose
to get in your car.
it's not just your life
you're messing with.
It's all of ours.
Thanks.
- Thank you. Mr. Duvalier.
for that incredibly
heartbreaking lesson.
Now. before
you go. I need each of you
to list
the three colors mentioned
in the order
they were mentioned in.
Please leave your notebooks
outside of the basket.
Have a nice night.
Drive safe.
- Dad. I want a picture!
[ominous music continues]
- It is going to
be a rough few weeks
managing these
classes on my own.
You know. I said it before.
but they don't listen to
me like they listen to you.
- Sure they do. They'll be fine.
- How much work do you have
ahead of you. you think?
- I don't know. I mean. the
inspector has a whole list
of things
that we can either do ourselves
or pay someone to
do. so I don't know.
we're just going
to work with the agency
and see if we can
get the place to a spot
where we get at least
a decent return on it.
- No offense. Andre.
but I've never
considered you a handyman.
- Well. you'd know. and I
guess we're going to find out.
- How's your wife
doing? Monica. right?
- Yeah. still Monica.
- She pretty broken up about
selling her dad's old place?
- No. not really.
I mean. she just wants it over
with. as far as I can tell.
I never met him.
I mean. he was diagnosed
with MS a few years ago.
and apparently
it was pretty bad.
because he died shortly after.
Monica moved in to
try to help him out.
fix their fractured
relationship.
but it didn't
really turn out that way.
- Jesus. that's rough.
- Yeah.
Yeah. it turns out that was
a bad year for everyone.
- Sorry. Andre.
- No. I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to dour the mood.
- No. not at all.
In fact. you're one of the
best examples I can think of
when it comes to dealing
with something like this.
- Yeah. right.
- I'm serious.
Not a lot of people can take
that pain and wickedness
and spin it into
something positive.
Even though you can be a
pain in the ass sometimes.
she's lucky to have you.
[ominous music continues]
[Mary gasps]
[lantern clangs]
[Mary screaming]
[ominous music continues]
- Andre. honey.
Hon. Andre!
- What?
- Did you pack your stuff?
- No. not all of it.
- Honey. come on.
- What. I'm just going to go
out for a quick 3.000 steps.
When I get back.
I'll pack. We'll go.
- Do you have to
do that right now?
- Hey. this
levels me out. all right?
And judging by the amount of
work I'm going to have to do
at your dad's place.
yeah. I have to do it now.
- Andre. don't
make this linger on.
I just want to get it over with.
- Who's lingering?
Seriously. I'm just going
to be gone a few minutes.
When I get back. we'll go.
Smile. This is going to be fun.
Smile like you mean it.
[Madison groans]
- Andre!
[ominous music continues]
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
- [Andre] Listen. I appreciate
that this is
difficult for you. honey.
- [Monica] No. it's not
difficult. It's not difficult.
We're just going to help
renovate a crummy little house
to be sold. and that's
how I want to keep it.
It's just like
any other project.
- Monica.
- What?
- [Andre] If you don't deal
with it now. you'll regret it.
- [Monica] There's
nothing to deal with.
- [Andre] If you don't face it
and accept
your feeling about it now.
it's going to eventually
explode out of you.
It'll come crashing down. You
need to trust me on this one.
- [Monica] I agree with you.
but there's nothing to face.
I haven't given this place
a single moment's thought
in seven years because
every moment I spent there
has been nothing but trouble.
If it were up to me.
I'd burn the fucking
place to the ground.
[ominous music continues]
[gravel crunching]
- Nice water jugs. huh?
These are pretty cool.
Oh. check this out.
We can paint a heart on this.
Okay.
I like this.
Don't lose an eye
on this branch here.
- Okay.
[ominous music]
[Monica gasps]
Oops. You got the keys?
[ominous music continues]
[door creaking]
Nice.
- Yeah. right.
- I mean. very.
very Bo Peep-ish.
- God. even the smell
of this place scares me.
It's nauseating.
- I don't know.
some love and
care. elbow grease.
dozens of hours
over the next few weeks.
I'm sure we can turn this place
into a moderately
priced piece of shit.
Come here.
This is all
going to be so much fun.
- Mm-hm.
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
[ominous music continues]
- Monica?
[door creaking]
[ominous music continues]
[Monica gasps]
- Hello. I'm Cameron Yrjason.
I'm an inspector with
Ravenwood Home Realty.
We spoke on
the phone. Andre. right?
- Yeah. hi. This
is my wife Monica.
It's her dad's place.
- Yeah? That's nice.
I really do think you got
some beautiful
grounds here. though.
There's a lot of
potential out here.
Probably have to rip out
some of this stuff. though.
And I've got a guy coming
out to do the landscaping.
Ken really insisted that
we accentuate the yard.
- Whose end is
that going to come out of?
- Andre.
- What?
I mean. what's it even mean
to accentuate the yard. right?
This place has
been vacant for years.
What do they think the front
yard is going to look like?
- I understand your frustration.
but the guy I've got coming
out. he works for a deal.
Oh. and got
another guy coming out
to take a look at the shingles.
They look a bit weathered.
- No. I think
I can take care of that.
- Well. we'd like to make
sure it's done right.
That way we don't have
to pay to do it twice.
- Yeah. I could handle
re-shingling the roof.
This is nice. isn't it?
- Hm?
- The fire.
The quiet.
This is nice. It's simple.
- Yeah. I guess.
- I can cut some more wood
and we can do this
again tomorrow night.
- Sure.
- You okay?
- Mm-hm.
- Are you sure?
I know being out here again
afterwards must be hard.
- It's not hard. Strange. maybe.
Bizarre.
- Yeah. that's okay.
I mean. strange is okay. right?
I mean.
I remember the last thing
that Lenora and I did together.
We watched...
We watched
a Nickelodeon documentary.
She was already watching
it when I came downstairs.
I don't know why. but I sat
down next to her on the couch.
and we watched
the whole thing together.
Mostly quiet. though.
because most 14-year-olds
don't really want to watch
anything with their dad.
But it was nice.
And about a year or
so after the accident.
I was flipping
through the channels again.
and the Nickelodeon logo
flashed across the screen.
and that's when it hit me that
that was actually the last
thing that we ever did together.
- Thank you for that.
- My point is.
it was strange. I mean-
- It's not.
I'm not talking about it-
- To confront that
memory and thought. okay?
But. I mean.
now when I think back at it.
I think about it fondly.
I know it's stupid. but when
I see the Nickelodeon logo.
of all things. it makes
me feel closer to her.
So yeah. I had to
go through that thought
being a really bad one
before it could turn
into a really good one.
- Well. I don't think
that's going to be
happening with this place.
- Well. not at first. no.
but if you just give it time-
- Look. I don't
talk about it much.
You know that I don't
like to talk about it.
My dad was old and really.
really not all there in the end.
I think we. or at least I.
made our peace
in those final days.
I'm not worried
about opening old wounds
of his past bullshit and
all the stuff he did to me.
I just don't like this place.
This house is like a black hole
that just sucks everything
in and then spits out.
Like. of course the
shingles need replacing
and the foundation is crumbling.
This house is
the bane of my existence.
and the faster that I can
put it behind me. the better.
Okay?
- Okay.
[ominous music continues]
[Monica breathing heavily]
[lightbulb buzzes]
[Monica gasps]
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
[ominous music continues]
Monica!
I know you can hear me! Monica!
Please!
Monica!
Medicine.
please! Monica. please!
Monica!
- Monica.
[Monica gasps]
[ax thudding]
[Andre sighs]
[Andre coughs]
[ominous music continues]
[ladder clattering]
[Monica sighs]
- [Andre] Well. that roof
is officially re-shingled.
- Oh. good.
- Yeah. looks like Deputy
Dipshit's here. though.
with some hired help.
They pulled in right
as I was finishing up.
- Great.
- That guy is so flipping
weird. you know that?
He's like...
He's like a robot.
He's like. hello. Mr. Duvalier!
We spoke on the phone!
- Okay. I get it!
- Geez. what's...
What's your deal?
- My deal? I'm just trying
to get this shit done.
No one is having a picnic here.
- It was a joke. all right?
I'm just trying to bring levity
to a tense
situation. that's all.
You know what.
I'm going to go for a walk.
- Okay.
[door thuds]
[birds chirping]
- Oh. Mr. Duvalier. How
are you doing today?
- I'm all right.
How about yourself?
- I'm doing well.
just came out to look
at the water spigots.
Oh. I also wanted you to
meet Gregory over here.
Gregory!
- Hey. Gregory. Nice
to meet you.
All right. well. I'll let
you two get back to it. then.
- Oh. one more thing.
I have the roofer
coming out today
to look at those shingles.
- Oh. no need.
I was just up there.
Fixed a couple rough spots.
but didn't look that bad.
- Oh. wish you would've told
me you were going to do that.
I wouldn't want
your time to go to waste.
- Why would my
time have gone to waste?
- Ravenwood Home Realty
has very specific
guidelines for modification.
We don't usually
accept slapdash work.
- Modification? But you're
the one that said...
Good thing that your guy's
out here to take a look at it.
[ominous music continues]
[pills rattling]
[bag rustling]
[Monica sighs]
- Self-centered bastard.
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
Monica!
[ominous music continues]
[birds chirping]
[chirping continues]
[Andre breathing heavily]
[ominous music]
[ominous music continues]
- Miss?
- Andre.
I've been waiting for you.
[ominous music]
[door knocking]
[door creaking]
- Hello?
Hello there?
- Hi.
- I thought
I saw people over here.
Thought I'd come welcome
you to the neighborhood.
The name's
Dorian Tobin Ryan III.
Please. just call me Dorian.
- That's quite the mouthful.
- I sure can be.
I saw that someone had moved it.
and I thought I'd bring
a bottle of wine over
to celebrate
with my new neighbors.
- Neighbors?
- Travel trailer
down the road. like.
Found a lovely spot to
rent. You'll love it.
Well. I hate to intrude. but
I've been passing this place
for a couple of weeks now.
and I've always wanted
to see the inside of it.
Would you mind if
we had a glass of wine?
- Why not?
So. what's with
the accent? Is it real?
- No. I just use it to
pick up all the girls.
How lovely.
You just buy the place?
- No. just getting
it ready to be sold.
- Ah. so you're a local.
- It was my late father's place.
- I'm so sorry.
- At least he didn't suffer.
- Cheers.
- Nothing is as it seems. Andre.
You must leave that
house. It belongs to us.
- House. You mean my
wife's father's place?
- You must take
her away from there.
- Who? Monica?
Wait a minute. how do you
know so much about who I am?
- We cannot tell you that
now. and pray that never is.
- Okay. you know what.
I don't think I'm
getting any of this.
Why is that. exactly?
- You are all in grave peril!
- Peril?
- Take Monica and stay far away
from that place
before it's too late.
- Oh yeah? Who says?
- If you listen closely.
their voices can be heard.
You must get
her away from there!
You must not let her stay!
You must close that door.
[both laughing]
- Funny story.
- That's grand.
- Hey.
- Oh. Hey. honey.
- Who's this?
- This is Dorian.
our temporary neighbor.
- You must be
the lovely husband.
I've heard so much about you.
- Yep.
- The name's
Dorian Tobin Ryan III.
but you can just call me Dorian.
- Andre.
That's quite
the accent there. Dorian.
Where do you hail from?
- Dublin. in Ireland.
- Right. Well. what
brings you to these parts?
- Pleasure. mate. I've always
wanted to see the States.
Ah. Apothic Inferno.
best gas station
cabernet money can buy.
- Plan on
sticking around a while?
- [Dorian] Ah. well.
- I've got a bottle of
1975 Lustau Amontillado
in the car. brought it
for such an occasion.
We could fry up some burgers.
We picked some up
on the way in from town.
- Sounds lovely. mate.
- Honey. would you mind grabbing
the burgers out of the fridge
while our new friend here
and I go get the Amontillado?
- Sure.
- Great.
- Just don't wall this one up.
[ominous music continues]
- So how is
it exactly you have the means
to travel around
the United States?
- Andre.
- What?
- Don't be rude.
- Look. I don't mind.
I've been fortunate enough
to be one of the lucky few
that has the monetary
ability to get. you know.
and/or do anything
that he wants to do.
and yet I've not been able
to find anything to do.
My great grandfather.
God rest his soul.
found himself
on the positive end
of an up and coming
calibrations company.
and my father
followed in his footsteps
and worked for Renshaw. and
I worked there long enough
to realize
that I'd rather spend my time
living the life that they
worked their asses off for.
- Hm. Well. you're a lucky boy.
- Oddly. this is my
first time in America.
Folks didn't like it very
much for the holidays.
Seeing it by the freeway is
the only way to see America.
I just find myself looking
out at the endless scenery.
thinking about
John Wayne and the Indians.
Oh. it's great.
- Yeah. we don't call
them Indians anymore.
- Andre.
- What now?
- Don't be a jerk.
Excuse me.
[ominous music continues]
- Hm.
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
[light buzzing]
- So how long do you plan
on sticking around for?
- Probably a week or so.
You know. being on
the road is exhausting.
Once you find a pretty
place. it's hard to leave.
- Well. you managed to find
yourself a pretty place
pretty far off the
beaten path. haven't you?
Speaking of.
have you had a chance
to get to know any
of the locals around?
- A little. you know. not much
in the way of people to meet.
At least not until now. anyways.
- Thanks.
And yeah. you know.
I've noticed that too.
Except.
I keep seeing
this young blind woman.
- A blind woman?
- Yeah.
I see her wandering
along the forest edge.
if you take a left there
just past Ravenwood Avenue.
- That's right where my camper's
at. and I'm telling you.
I've never seen no blind woman.
[insects chirping]
[animals howling]
[ominous music continues]
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
Monica!
I know you can hear me!
[ominous music continues]
[ominous piano music]
Monica!
- Coming. Father.
[whispers echoing]
All red.
Coming. Father.
Coming.
[liquid splashing]
[Mary screaming]
[match striking]
[Monica gasps]
[match clattering]
[Monica gulps]
[Monica breathing heavily]
[Monica gasps]
[ominous music]
[Mary screaming]
[ominous music continues]
- You're not hungry?
Honey?
Are you hungry?
- Yes. I know.
- I didn't hear you.
- I shook my head.
- I can't hear head shakes.
You know what. I think today
I'm going to tackle the pipes.
That's something the
inspector was talking about.
so I'm going to give it a
shot instead of having to pay
someone else 25
bucks an hour to do it.
Are you okay?
- No. I am not all right.
I've been sleeping terribly.
I've hardly gotten anything
done on this house.
Every day. there's
some new major problem
that has to be fixed.
and I just can't stand
you of all people
giving me shit about it!
Yes. thank you. I know that
this house is a black hole.
a bottomless
money pit of despair.
I'm the one that's been
saying it all along!
- Jesus. never mind.
- Well. if
you don't like the answer.
then don't fucking ask!
[door creaking]
- Oh. Mr. Duvalier.
We need to talk about
that roofing job you did.
- Goddamn.
[Monica breathing heavily]
[ominous music continues]
- So when you pull back the
shingle. it creates damage.
- But you have to
pull back the shingle
so you can see
where the nail is.
- But if you pull
it back and crease it.
that's where the damage is.
- What are you talking about?
Where did I crease the shingles?
- I myself am not
an expert on roofing.
That's why I bring out an
expert to do these repairs.
I am only
an expert on the policy.
- Listen. I know how to
re-shingle a roof. all right?
I've done it many times.
- Well. whatever it is
that happened up there.
it caused
damage to the shingles.
- What? How?
- That's why I like to bring
in an expert to do this.
- Why don't I go
get the ladder. then?
You and I can go up on the roof.
and you can show
me where the damage is.
- I can't do that.
Again. I am not an expert.
I'm only
an expert on the policy.
- No. clearly you are an expert.
because you're telling me
the way I did it is wrong.
- Mr. Duvalier.
I don't want to argue.
- Fine. bring out your guy.
I don't care anymore.
- Oh. and one more
thing. Mr. Duvalier.
I need to get
into the kitchen today
to take a look at those
pipes under the sink.
- Go talk to Monica. I'm
sure she'd love that.
Fuck is wrong with everybody?
[ominous music]
[ominous music continues]
[blood dripping]
[Monica gagging]
[ominous music continues]
[Monica retching]
[Monica burping]
[Monica groaning]
- We are soaked into
the grain of the wood.
[ominous music continues]
[birds cawing]
- Mary?
Mary!
- Mary.
That name sounds so strange
to me here by the sun.
- It's your name. Mary.
Don't you remember?
- I have no
name. They told me so.
- They lie!
- They summon me from the dark.
- You must go back. Mary.
- To the house.
- To the dark. Mary.
- Only when
the dark leaves the crypt.
we shall all rest
together. them and I.
- Something is not
right with that place!
The fear is getting to me.
That man.
- Andre?
[ominous music continues]
[Monica breathing heavily]
We've been waiting
for you for so long.
[ominous music continues]
[wine sloshing]
[door knocking]
[door creaking]
- Hey there.
love. How're you doing?
I was just needing to
borrow your hose to fill up
a water tank for my travel
trailer. is that all right?
Love. are you okay?
Okay. I'm just going
to go and get the hose
and I'll fill it up and
I'll bring it back shortly.
All right. thank you so
much. I'll see you in a bit.
- We would truly
like to help you. Andre.
but this is something
you must do on your own.
- Listen. I don't know what
you're going through out here.
but there are
people that can help you.
I mean. look at
you. You're barefoot.
So let me take
you into town. okay?
- You're a very
warm soul. Andre.
- I just couldn't stop thinking
about you wandering
around out here all alone.
Please. I mean. after the
bullshit morning I've had.
let me help you.
- I remind you of her.
- Who?
- Your daughter.
- How do
you know about my daughter?
- I am possessed of the dead.
- No. you're not.
You're a warm.
living young woman.
Where do
you even get these things?
- The dead.
- Yeah. you do.
You remind me of Lenora. and
that is why I want to help you.
so please let me
take you into town.
There are people there
that can free you from-
- From the dead.
[door knocking]
We'd like to help you. Andre.
but you must help us first.
- What? Tell me
what I can help you with.
- We cannot stop the
forces which dwell beyond
from influencing Monica.
You must take
her away from that house.
- I don't know how you
know so much about us.
but it's starting to scare me.
- Be scared. Andre.
- You know what.
this is ridiculous.
Look at you. all right?
You're out here wandering
around wearing those clothes.
you're barefoot.
and you can't even see.
- I can see. I can see
things you wouldn't believe.
In your worst nightmares.
you wouldn't believe.
- Try me. What do you see?
- I see the dead.
The city of the dead.
[water bubbling]
- Dammit!
These pipes are leaking
all over the place.
Going to have to call
my guy. Mrs. Duvalier.
This is not up to policy.
Mrs. Duvalier.
your water's boiling over.
[Cameron screaming]
[hammer thudding]
[ominous music continues]
- You must believe me. Andre.
That house rests on one
of the seven gateways.
the very door to the inferno.
and the name that rests on it
is wrath.
[head thudding]
[flesh ripping]
[Monica breathing heavily]
- Please. just let me help you.
I've got to do something
right today. and then fine.
I'll get Monica and we
will leave tomorrow. okay?
- It's too late for that.
[ominous music continues]
[Monica laughing]
- Whoa!
Oh!
Andre. mate.
How're you doing. mate?
- You know.
I've seen better days.
so I decided to go for a walk.
That goddamn
inspector's up my ass. and...
And Monica's having a hard time.
- You know. that's
actually what I wanted
to talk to you about.
- Yeah?
- Well. I stopped by to
say hi. and she seemed...
She seemed awfully upset.
I was wondering if I'd done
anything to offend you. mate.
- No. not that I'm aware of.
- I know. I know how it
must've looked. you know.
me alone at home with
your missus like that.
- You know. the thought
didn't even cross my mind.
- Well. you're
a more trusting man than I.
Anyway. I don't know
if you two had a fight.
but oh. she's like a regular
Paddy with that bottle. mate.
- What are you talking about?
- Well. as I was passing by.
she was just pounding the
whiskey bottle. pounding it.
Just drinking. and you
know. once they have
too much to drink. then
they end up fighting.
I would watch your back.
mate. You never know.
See you later. mate.
- Yeah.
[paper rustling]
[door creaking]
Oh. you took a shower. huh?
- I took a shower.
- How was it?
I was thinking
about taking one myself.
You okay?
- I'm okay.
- Sure you don't
want to talk about it?
- Talk about what?
- Well. you're obviously upset.
- Now. why would
I be upset. Andre?
- You know what. never mind.
You know. I was thinking. why
don't we just get out of here?
I mean. we can let the inspector
hire whoever he needs to
to do all the repairs.
- Maybe we should do that.
- Good. I'll try and talk with
him about it tomorrow. then.
Oh. hey. did he talk to
you about the pipes at all?
- Yep.
- What'd he say?
- Well. he didn't feel good!
Why don't you take a shower.
and I'll make some dinner
and pour us
a couple glasses of wine.
- [Andre] Okay.
Where are all the towels?
- They're all in the wash.
There might be one
in my father's room.
- [Andre] Cool. thanks.
[ominous music continues]
[whispers echoing]
[flesh squelching]
[ominous music continues]
- Andre?
- [Andre] Yeah?
- I think there's something
I'd like to talk about.
Something maybe now I'd
like to get off my chest.
[napkin rustling]
[ominous music continues]
Guess I never really knew how
I'd deal with someone's death.
- I don't think anyone does.
- I came to stay with my
father in those final days.
I didn't really
know what to expect.
I don't think
I ever really expected to
mend our relationship.
I wasn't even sure if I'd
feel bad when he finally went.
And I didn't.
In all reality.
I enjoyed watching
this awful.
controlling. manipulative man
reduced to a blubbering lump.
He went from.
"Monica. you're a screw-up."
and. "Can't you do better?"
to crying and
moaning at everything.
"Monica. I need
you!" Not so tough now.
I mean. the thought of him
having to have
his diapers changed.
the thought of that still
makes me laugh. [laughs]
I've never been able to say
it out loud. but fuck it.
I'm glad he's dead.
He screwed me up.
He screwed my sister up.
But when
he finally went that night.
I was so disappointed.
I wasn't done
watching him suffer.
It was like after 27 years
of psychological torture.
I was finally
getting things set right.
[sighs] Geez.
Thank you for listening.
I feel so much better.
- Sure.
[ominous music continues]
I think I'm going to go to bed.
- Okay. I'm going to stay
up for a little while.
- Goodnight.
[ominous music continues]
- Mary?
- Hello.
- I heard you crying.
- Did you?
[ominous music continues]
- Are you worried
about that place?
That man and that lady?
- Humans. They're
a lot like flowers.
So beautiful.
yet they die so easily.
[Andre grunting]
[Andre breathing heavily]
[Mary gasps]
[ominous music continues]
Andre. please.
You must try to leave.
There's something evil
here. something deep.
soaked into
the grains of the wood.
- I know.
I feel it too.
There's something
wrong with her house.
- [Mary] Take Monica
and leave. if you can.
This is not
her house. it's theirs.
[Andre gasps]
[ominous music continues]
- I know
you can hear me! Monica!
Monica!
[pills rattling]
[ominous music continues]
Monica!
Please. Monica!
I need my medicine! Monica!
[pills rattling]
[creatures groaning]
[Monica gasping]
- Seeing red again.
[ominous music continues]
[Gregory sobbing]
[Mary screaming]
[ominous music continues]
[flesh squelching]
[Mary sobbing]
[birds chirping]
[ominous music continues]
[bottle clinking]
- I saw those on one
of my walks. and I know
you like that color. so I
thought you'd like them.
[ominous music continues]
I think I'm going
to talk to the inspector
when he gets here.
tell him to just hire
whoever he thinks
he needs. you know?
Probably be best if we just
go home and get some rest.
- Why?
- I think this place...
You know.
I don't know.
I mean. I think
we just need a break.
- You think so. huh?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I think so.
- Hm.
And why is that?
- Things have gotten really
weird since we've gotten here.
The people here are
weird. and that inspector.
he won't even budge just
a little bit. and...
Monica. you're not yourself.
You're obviously struggling.
and you won't even talk to me.
- You want to
talk. huh? Let's talk.
Well. what do
you want to talk about?
- I just-
- No. come on.
Why don't you tell me
again what's right for me.
what I should do.
how I clearly can't do anything
right by your standards?
- That is not
what I'm trying to say.
- Well. then try harder.
Explain to me who wanted
to come out here
in the first place.
Explain to me how it was
right to come out here
when I didn't want to
go in the first place.
And now that we're here.
my attitude isn't
quite to your liking.
Why don't you tell me
again how wonderfully
you handled Lenora's death
and how you're the expert
on what everyone
should feel and think?
- That is not fair. I am-
- You want to know
what's bothering me?
All right. here it is.
I have fucking had it
with hearing
about your daughter!
Okay? She's dead!
My father. dead.
And the last thing that I
ever want to talk about again
is either one of them.
I don't care.
I just want to be left alone.
starting right fucking now.
I just want to be
left alone. so get out!
I said. get out!
- Please. I think we need
to get you away from here.
- You better leave. Andre.
before something
really bad happens.
- You are losing it. Monica.
- Whatever I lost.
I lost a long time ago.
There ain't
nothing left for me to lose.
Why don't you get out
before you really piss me off?
Get out!
[Monica laughs]
Should leave this place.
Got that right.
Losing it.
You got that right. too.
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
Monica!
I know you can hear me. Monica!
- No. she didn't
threaten me directly.
Listen. I am
really worried about her.
You got to understand. this
is not like her at all.
- Well. I'm sure it isn't.
What did I say?
Not everyone handles
extreme emotional distress
the way you do.
Most people wouldn't be able
to handle something like this.
- Yeah. well.
not this time. all right?
I mean. somebody
needs to check on her.
but it's
obvious I can't be there.
Donna. you should've seen
the look in her eyes.
- Look. just give her
some time to cool off.
But a word of advice. get
her out of that house.
- Do me a favor. Can you
stick by your phone. though?
Because I'm probably going
to need to call you again.
Okay. thanks. Bye.
Goddammit.
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
- They think
the raven is in the safe.
but you take your chances
and you drink your tea.
Seven doors in Daddy's
room. It's New Year's Eve.
[door knocking]
- Please. hey! I need you!
Can you hear me? Hello!
- Hi there. Is everything
okay there. Miss?
- I believe so. Why?
- I thought I heard some-
- Do you want to
come in for a drink?
- A drink sounds lovely.
- Please. I need you!
- Please. no tears. Such
a waste of good humanity.
[wine sloshing]
- Andre.
He left.
- I'm sure he'll be all right.
- He went a little mad.
- Well. we all go a little
bit mad sometimes. Maybe...
Maybe he needed to
blow off some steam.
- We all need to blow off
a little steam sometimes.
- I don't want to do anything-
- Upstairs. First
door on the right.
- Don't get me killed. now.
- [Monica's Dad] Monica!
- If you know
how to help Monica.
you have to tell me. all right?
Otherwise. anything that
I've ever said to her
or felt for her. it's not
going to mean a thing.
- It's too late
for that now. Andre.
- No. it isn't!
- It is. Andre.
- Please.
- When you revisit bad memories.
it makes it easy
for doors to open.
Monica is
a conduit which can be used
to unlock certain evils.
- Come on.
- Monica was the key.
She unlocked the door.
She let them out.
- Who? What are
you even talking about?
Why can't you just say
something that I can understand?
- I will be leaving soon. Andre.
I am prepared.
I warrant. for this world.
- No. you have to tell me.
How do I help her?
- Shall I tell him?
- Please.
[belt jingling]
- Fee. fi. fo. fum.
I spell the blood
of an Englishman.
[Dorian chuckles]
- The luck of
the Irish strikes again.
- 016 millennium. a beginning.
The universe was empty and
darkness covered the void.
But the void wasn't empty.
It was filled with entities.
creatures. monsters.
That is. until the Father
stepped forth and said.
let there be
light. banishing the dark
and the entities within it
behind seven locked doors.
wherein which this
existence and the beyond
may remain separated.
Only through influential keys
on both sides can
those doors be opened.
Fast forward 16.6 millennia.
Four of those doors are open.
and the fifth one is opening.
[ominous music]
- Love. what
happened to your eyes?
[flesh squelching]
[Dorian groaning]
- All red again! All red!
- Okay. fine. Fine.
Let's say all of this is true.
and this is some bad
nightmare coming true.
Why Monica? Are you saying
she's. like.
chosen or something?
- Nothing is chosen. We've had
a long time to lay in wait.
Everything must align in
order for the door to open.
The house.
the father. the illness.
Monica's will for wrath.
your arrival. life. death.
Everything must fall into place.
- Well. can we-
- Like tumblers in a lock.
- Can we stop it?
- You won't be able to get
her away from there now.
The influence of the
doorway is too strong.
- So then what happens
when the doorway is open?
- The darkness comes back.
- Just like that?
- Just like that.
- You know what?
Fuck this. all right?
Fuck the darkness.
fuck this place.
and fuck
your bullshit story. all right?
I will get Monica out of here.
and I will take her back home
even if I have to
fucking drag her back.
- Please! Andre!
Don't let
the wrath influence you!
[ominous music continues]
- Monica?
[Andre coughing]
Monica?
Monica. what did you do?
- I killed them.
- No you didn't.
- Yes. I did!
- No. you didn't.
- Yes I did.
Andre! I ate pieces!
- Monica. stop!
We're going home!
- Don't touch me!
[Mary gasping]
- No!
I don't want to go back!
I'm so scared of the dark!
[indistinct]
please! Say something!
[ominous music continues]
- Monica!
Monica. please!
[ominous music continues]
[Monica sighs]
- How now. Fortunato?
Look at all these great
things I have found.
- Monica.
- Look at my treasure.
- I just want to go home.
- Oh?
But you're never alone.
I'm alone all of the time.
That's why.
That's why the red.
it filters through.
- I'm sorry.
I just want to go home.
- Come here.
Come here.
- No more.
- No more!
[Andre screaming]
[glass shattering]
[both grunting]
The vorpal blade
went snicker-snack!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa! Stop!
Monica. stop! Stop!
[ax thuds]
Please.
Please. Please.
- Please. Monica. please.
- Why?
Why?
It's like. once upon a time.
a girl got sick
here in this shit!
A lie for a switch and a
rat so blind that the devil
made a pact with a match
just to prove she was kind.
plunging into the dark so deep
nothing could ever patch it.
What rotten soul
would have the heart
to bury her father
in a casket. hm?
Where could they be?
Locked behind the door.
because they finally
found that girl like me.
Shh. shh.
Rejoice.
I am that match that will
start the incineration
of the line between
the dark and the light.
It wasn't my decision
to kill your daughter.
but it is my
decision to bring you to her!
[Monica screams]
[Andre screaming]
[fist thudding]
[ominous music continues]
- [Lenora]
Dad? I'm all right. Dad.
I'm all right.
[ominous music continues]
[gravel crunching]
[ominous music]
[ominous music continues]
[water splashing]
- Police.
We're here for a welfare check.
[door knocking]
Open up.
- Police. open up.
Adult male inside.
- Around back. go.
[water splashing]
[door creaking]
Hey!
Police!
Hands up!
What the fuck?
No. no. no!
[both screaming]
[ominous music]
[ominous music continues]
I believe that I found
my breathing partners
In motherless
children with thirst
But I can't
share in the lidocaine
My face until it hurts
I sing this song
until the windows swim
Can't eat in a liar's home
Then we lick
the glass clean together
For our visitors
with longing arms
And now we're thorns
Thorns
Now we're thorns
I
I just want you
Here
Lost inside my arms
[ominous music continues]
I
I just want you
Here
Lost inside my
I
I just want you
Here
Lost inside my arms
[ominous music continues]